README.md, before:

# English-speaker-friendly Korean companies
Repository to aggregate data about Korean companies that works with English as main language or accepts non-Korean speaking members.

They might or might not have any job opening at the time of viewing, please do the due dilligence yourself.

If there's any mistake in the data please let me know or make a PR to fix it!

- [CLIKA](https://www.clika.io/), TinyML - MLOps, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clika/)
- [Tridge](https://www.tridge.com/), Food & Agriculture, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tridge/), [Career Page](https://www.tridge.com/career)
- [3i Inc.](https://www.3i.ai/), IoT - AI, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/3i-ai/), [Career Page](https://www.3i.ai/job-post)
- [DRFC Group](https://www.dfrc.com.sg/), geospatial data fusion and analysis, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/dfrc-ag/), [Career Page](https://www.dfrc.com.sg/careers/)
- [Conun Global](https://conun.io/), Distributed super computing based on Blockchain, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/conun-global/)
- [Shuttle Delivery](https://www.shuttledelivery.co.kr/en), Food delivery, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shuttledelivery/)
- [AmazeVR](https://www.amazevr.com/), VR, accepts non-Korean speaker, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazevr/)
- [42dot](https://42dot.ai/), Autonomous driving, accepts non-Korean speaker, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/42dot/)
- [Sibelhealth](https://www.sibelhealth.com/), IoT & Data in Health Industry, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sibel-health/)
- [Fruits Family](https://fruitsfamily.com/), Fashion, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/fruitsfamily/)

Feel free to add more data based on your knowledge and/or experience. Let's empower each other as international software engineers in Korea!

Commit message:

add: angelswing and disclaimer about big companies

README.md, after:

# English-speaker-friendly Korean companies
Repository to aggregate data about Korean companies that works with English as main language or accepts non-Korean speaking members.

They might or might not have any job opening at the time of viewing, please do the due dilligence yourself. The list also doesn't include the obvious huge company ones like Google or SAP Labs. 

If there's any mistake in the data please let me know or make a PR to fix it!

- [CLIKA](https://www.clika.io/), TinyML - MLOps, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/clika/)
- [Tridge](https://www.tridge.com/), Food & Agriculture, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tridge/), [Career Page](https://www.tridge.com/career)
- [3i Inc.](https://www.3i.ai/), IoT - AI, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/3i-ai/), [Career Page](https://www.3i.ai/job-post)
- [DRFC Group](https://www.dfrc.com.sg/), geospatial data fusion and analysis, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/dfrc-ag/), [Career Page](https://www.dfrc.com.sg/careers/)
- [Conun Global](https://conun.io/), Distributed super computing based on Blockchain, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/conun-global/)
- [Shuttle Delivery](https://www.shuttledelivery.co.kr/en), Food delivery, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/shuttledelivery/)
- [AmazeVR](https://www.amazevr.com/), VR, accepts non-Korean speaker, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/amazevr/)
- [42dot](https://42dot.ai/), Autonomous driving, accepts non-Korean speaker, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/42dot/)
- [Sibelhealth](https://www.sibelhealth.com/), IoT & Data in Health Industry, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/sibel-health/)
- [Fruits Family](https://fruitsfamily.com/), Fashion, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/fruitsfamily/)
- [Angelswing](https://angelswing.io/), Drone Data Platform, English as main language, [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/angelswing/)

Feel free to add more data based on your knowledge and/or experience. Let's empower each other as international software engineers in Korea!
